Building (#85)
zkSNACKs/zIPs: Building.md

# Building

## Overview

> We propose a system to help prioritize the product development without a static hierarchy, allowing the number of contributors to scale limiting inefficiencies or formal authority. Integrates potentially well with [PR 84](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/zIPs/pull/84). This system could also be extended to any team, if useful. We hope it is not taken as an authoritative voice telling contributors how to work but as useful lessons learned from the past, shared in all humility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We propose a system to help prioritize the product development without a static hierarchy, allowing the number of contributors to scale limiting inefficiencies or formal authority. Integrates potentially well with [zIP 6](https://github.com/zkSNACKs/zIPs/pull/84). This system could also be extended to any team, if useful. We hope it is not taken as an authoritative voice telling contributors how to work but as useful lessons learned from the past, shared in all humility.
```

## Motivation

Which features to build next? How does it look like? How do we make sure that technical power users like it without confusing noobs? Who gets to make a decision on that? How often?

> Recent conversations have happened around potential redesigns for product features, such as the coinjoin status “music” box or unearthing buried features such as coin control. This pushed the team to think about the reasoning behind it and discuss how features are prioritized in Wasabi 2.0.

Reviewer: this should be worded more generally, we'll forget what this specific case was about soon.

Author: ACK. Will share an update. Thanks!
